Insight and Recommendations:

Subcribers engagement:
Figure 'Top Subcribers Types' reveals that the most prominent subcriber type is 'walk-up', meaning that a significant portion of users prefer immediate, one-time access rather than having a subscription or membership.
Ensure that walk-up users can easily locate and access bike stations by allocating clearly visible signage, and strategic station placement in high-traffic areas can enhance accessibility.
Focusing on enhancing the user experience for walk-up users. This includes easy-to-use interfaces for bike checkout, well-maintained bikes, and responsive customer support for immediate assistance.

Peak Demand Hours:
Figure 'Most Pick Hour' reveals that most of the customers use the bike between 11a.m. and 20 p.m., which we can classify as peak hours.
Resources such as staff and bikes must be allocated accordingly to meet increased demand during peak hours.

Maintenance Scheduling:
Figure 'Most Pick Hour' reveals that most customers do not use bikes between 12a.m. and 6a.m. 
Maintenance should be done during these periods of lower demand to help minimize the impact on users while ensuring that bikes are in good working condition.

Station Capacity Optimization:
Figure 'Top 10 Stations by Month' indicates that top 10 most popular stations which are:
1. Riverside @ S.Lamar
2. City Hall / Lavaca & 2nd
3. 5th & Bowie
4. 2nd & Congress
5. 4th & Congress
6. Convention Center / 4th St. @MetroRail
7. Rainey St @ Cummings
8. Davis at Rainey Street
9. Capitol Station / Congress & 11th
10. Pfluger Bridge @ W 2nd Street
and their most popular months which are March, May and October (Figure 'Most Pick Month')
Optimize station capacities based on these demands to ensure that stations don't run out of bikes or become overfull, especially during peak months such as March, May, and October.
Implement a system for real-time monitoring of station status. Quickly address issues such as station closures or malfunctions to minimize disruptions to users and maintain a reliable service.

Balancing Bike Distribution:
Figure 'Most Popular Start Station" indicates some of the most popular start-stations, which is 'Riverside @ S. Lamar", "City Hall", etc.
Figure 'Most Popular End Station" indicates some of the most popular end-stations, which is 'City Hall", "2nd & Congress", etc.
Focusing more on monitoring the distribution of bikes at these popular stations by allocating bikes from the least popular station.
These will ensure that popular stations have an adequate supply and that less popular stations do not become overcrowded.

Subcribers engagement:
Figure 'Top Subcribers Types' reveals that the most prominent subcriber type is 'walk-up', meaning that a significant portion of users prefer immediate, one-time access rather than having a subscription or membership.
Ensure that walk-up users can easily locate and access bike stations by allocating clearly visible signage, and strategic station placement in high-traffic areas can enhance accessibility.
Focusing on enhancing the user experience for walk-up users. This includes easy-to-use interfaces for bike checkout, well-maintained bikes, and responsive customer support for immediate assistance.
